air2d.py
========
This script models two-dimensional TMz cylindrical-wave 
propagation in air. A single Ez component located at the center of
the space oscillates sinusoidally. A simple on-time visualization 
display will show the Ez, Hx, and Hy fields of the outgoing wave 
distributed within the grid. You can compare the spatial-symmetry 
properties of these fields with respect to the center of the space
where the excitation is applied.

fresnel_reflection.py
=====================
This script is to get the transmittance and reflectance of normal incidence through a thin gold layer.

man.py
======
This script shows how to set up the geometrical structure in the calculation domain. You can see a man-shaped structure in three-dimensional space.

metal_array.py
==============
This script models a plasmon waveguide consisting of six silver 
nanospheres in the air. A dipole source oscilating along the array
is used for a field excitation. A simple on-time visualization 
display will show the Ey fields of the propagating longitudinal
mode. This script should be executed using a MPI-enabled Python
interpreter, like python-mpi in the mpi4py package.

phc_slab.py
===========
The photonic crystal slab consists of a silicon-on-insulator 
substrate with a triangular array of holes. The whole waveguide is
in the air. This structure is presented at 

'N. Moll and G.-L. Bona, "Comparison of three-dimensional photonic
crystal slab waveguides with two-dimensional photonic crystal 
waveguides: Efficient butt coupling into these photonic crystal 
waveguides," J. Appl. Phys., vol. 93, no. 9, pp. 4986-4991, 2003.'

A transparent source is located at the one end of the waveguide. 
You should be careful to execute this script, because it consumes 
lots of memory.

phc_waveguide.py
================
A simple example showing the Ez field in a two-dimensional 
photonic crystal waveguide.

slab_waveguide.py
=================
A simple example showing the Ez field in a dielectric slab waveguide.

This is a GMES version of the script in Fig.12 of

A. F. Oskooi, D. Roundy, M. Ibanescu, P. Bermel, J. D. 
Joannopoulos, and S. G. Johnson, "Meep: A flexible free-software 
package for electromagnetic simulations by the FDTD method," 
Comput. Phys. Commun. 181, 687-702 (2010).

tfsf.py
=======
A simple example which showing how to use launch a planewave.

